Welcome back.
Now that we've gotten used to this CSSA grid system let's introduce a few more properties.
Now another thing we can do with CSSA great because remember I said it was two dimensional.
That is we can control the rows as well.
So far this is something that fluxbox can do as well.
We can do something like grid template rows now and actually define the way the rows should look as
well.
So let's say I want to do one that's far too far.
What do you think will happen.
Let's see.
I'm going to save and refresh and look at the first row.
Has Wall is one f r but the second row is twice as big as the first one as we can see here.
And because of the way CSSA grid works in the third row because we haven't really added a third column
automatically if there's more items it's going to just start repeating.
So the next row which is the third row will have one half our.
So I can define different things here.
I can say three or four for the third row and let's say 5 F are for the last row.
If I refresh and save.
File Save and refresh your we see that we have our new columns or rows but that looks ugly so let's
just keep it at one f r which is the default.
Now another thing that we can do and you'll see a lot of is the repeat function that we can add to something
like Gred template columns.
So instead of doing this over here I can say repeat brackets.
And now I say how many times I want to repeat something.
So the first number is how many times so let's say three times repeat one half.
So that's like saying one f r one f r 1 and 4 three times.
If I save this and refresh I get one to three if I do four here and I refresh.
I get four.
And you can imagine what happens if we do six.
We just keep repeating things.
Another thing that we can do is the auto property and the auto property just simply means fill in whatever
available space we have.
So if I do something like auto 1 f r to F R and I refresh here you'll notice that the first column doesn't
really have any spaces outside of the emoji.
And Otto can also be thought of as the max size of the content.
If I make this faux let's say have a content of two and I refresh you'll see that the Otto property
automatically resizes to fit the content.
And because this entire layout is on a grid system it will make sure that the ones below it will have
the same size.
If I do one f are here and I refresh you'll see the difference of all we're talking but it's not automatically
scaling this first grid.
Instead it's going to keep the portions that we have and extend anything below it that doesn't fit so
Otto is another really really good feature to use.
But let's fix that.
All right let's tackle a few more properties in the next video.